ben laughlin being congratulated by
family and friends for his victory time
now for the geico championship recap
Randy all right this is title match that
just took place talker look pretty good
early on trading strikes within law firm
it's a nice mixer by Ben then all of a
sudden late in the match already working
on a strike makes a bad shot pays for it
laughlin stays behind the foul line
keeps it all online throw strikes and
captures the title Kimberly Pressler is
standing by with our champion Ben
congratulations on your win out of all
the times that you've won to get here
how does this come ranked this is by far
and away the greatest accomplishment
I've had in bowling beating the field
that I had to to get here and then the
six bowlers the other five bowlers that
were on the show this is ranks
definitely at the highest of my mo Wayne
accomplishments well this one gets you
into the TOC the tournament of champions
are you looking forward to it oh yes
absolutely i'm going to cherish that
that tournament to be able to bowl with
those great stars that are there and
just to be rub elbows with them and
learn as much as I can and participate
and see what happens congratulations
again
ben laughlin the latest winner here at
world series of bowling 5 let's take a
look back now at some of the other World
Series trials we've witnessed over the
past few weeks world series of bowling 5
began with the cheetah championship
where Clara retro became the first woman
to ever qualify for a World Series
stepladder final but in a close match
Clara would fall a former player earlier
westville lot who went on to take the
cheetah title climbing the stepladder to
defeat Pete Weber and then partner bone
in the championship match next came
Viper we're number one seed Ryan
ciminelli seemed to have the win all
locked up over Chris Barnes with this
710 split tip the balance in Barnes
favor giving him PBA title number 16
yeah
ciminelli would have another chance
though the following week in the
chameleon championship when we faced
Englishman Dom Barrett in the title
match there was no denying simonelli
this time as he ran over Barrett with a
258 203 victory one of the most
incredible stories of this world series
was college star Marshall Kent an
ammeter who was granted a pba
commissioner's exemption to compete here
in Las Vegas kent made the most of that
opportunity grabbing the number one seed
in the Scorpion championship but like
Ryan ciminelli a few weeks before can't
fell victim to a late 710 split handing
the Scorpion trophy to Tom Smallwood who
won the second title of his career
the crown jewel of the world series of
bowling the pba world championship the
final major of 2013 Pete Weber made a
valiant effort at the crowd and the
chance to secure Player of the Year
honors dispatching Tom Smallwood and my
Fagan with twin to 58 games but the hall
of famer could not get past number two
seats Sean rash who was nearly perfect
in their sin afire with a 279 that you
want to be and you gotta beat it in the
final rash would face down Barrett who
lost two weeks before to Ryan ciminelli
even though rash made a costly mistake
earlier the match he still had a chance
if Barrett did not strike in a tenth but
Barrett would not oblige and would then
essentially finish the job with another
strike to shut rash
but Sean rash would not leave this world
series empty-handed the 2012-13 PBA
player of the year was unstoppable at
the world bullying to her finals where
he defeated Mike Fagan 255 to 231 while
in the Women's World bullying to her
final Kelly kulick was nearly perfect
dominating 2012world going to a women's
champion Missy parkin 267 to 194
congratulations to all of our world
series of bowling winners but we're not
done one more winner to crowd coming up
the PBA 50 tour finals where Pete Weber
squares off against amleto monticelli in
our first batch the winner will take on
Walter Ray Williams jr. hall of famers
all next from Las Vegas